feat: DH-21650: Make sparse array column source recycler capacity configurable (#7665)
deephaven/deephaven-core: docs/groovy/conceptual/query-table-configuration.md

| `QueryTable.enableParallelSnapshot`      | true          | Enables parallelized optimizations for snapshotting operations, such as Barrage subscription requests |
| `QueryTable.minimumParallelSnapshotRows` | `1L << 20`    | The minimum number of rows required to enable parallel snapshotting operations                        |

## SoftRecycler configuration

Deephaven uses [SoftRecycler](https://docs.deephaven.io/core/javadoc/io/deephaven/util/SoftRecycler.html) objects to manage memory for array and sparse array column sources. These recyclers maintain pools of allocated arrays that can be reused rather than constantly allocating and deallocating memory, which can improve performance and reduce garbage collection pressure.

The capacity of these recyclers (how many arrays each recycler holds) can be configured on a per-type basis, allowing you to tune memory usage based on your workload characteristics.

### Array column source recyclers

> Array-backed column sources (dense arrays) use SoftRecyclers to manage blocks of data for each primitive type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Array-backed column sources (dense arrays) use `SoftRecycler`s to manage blocks of data for each primitive type.
```

| `sparsearray.recycler.capacity.object.0`  | 1024                         | Level 0 (top) recycler capacity for object sparse arrays         |
| `sparsearray.recycler.capacity.inuse`     | 9216 (sum of all base types) | Recycler capacity for "in use" bitmap blocks at the lowest level |
| `sparsearray.recycler.capacity.inuse.2`   | 9216 (max of level 2)        | Recycler capacity for "in use" bitmap blocks at level 2          |
| `sparsearray.recycler.capacity.inuse.1`   | 9216 (max of level 1)        | Recycler capacity for "in use" bitmap blocks at level 1          |
| `sparsearray.recycler.capacity.inuse.0`   | 9216 (max of level 0)        | Recycler capacity for "in use" bitmap blocks at level 0 (top)    |

#### Tuning SoftRecycler capacity

The recycler capacity determines how many array blocks are kept in memory for potential reuse. Increasing capacity can improve performance if your workload frequently allocates and deallocates arrays, at the cost of higher memory usage. Decreasing capacity reduces memory overhead but may increase garbage collection frequency.

- **Low memory environments**: Consider reducing capacities to reduce memory footprint

> - **High throughput environments**: Consider increasing capacities to reduce allocation/deallocation overhead

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **High throughput environments**: Consider increasing capacities to reduce allocation/deallocation overhead.
```
